1.What is cloud?
==>	

"The cloud" refers to servers that are accessed over the Internet, and the software and databases that run on those servers.
The cloud empowers anybody with a web association with get to IT assets on-request, for example, those devoured by cloud-based applications. 
The fundamental assets accessible are compute, storage, and networking which are all required for a business basic application to convey a 
full encounter.
 

2.Advantages of cloud?
==>	

a. Easy and 24*7 Availability
b. Cost effectiveness
c. Flexibility in Capacity
d. Data security
e. Easily Manageable
f. Automated Updates on Software

3.Types of cloud?
==>

1: Public Cloud
Public cloud is open to all to store and access information via the Internet using the pay-per-usage method.
Eg: Amazon elastic compute cloud (EC2), IBM SmartCloud Enterprise, Microsoft, Google App Engine, Windows Azure Services Platform.

2: Private Cloud
Private cloud is also known as an internal cloud or corporate cloud. It is used by organizations to build and manage their own data centers internally or 
by the third party. 
Eg: Jio

3: Hybrid Cloud
Hybrid Cloud is a combination of the public cloud and the private cloud. we can say Hybrid Cloud is a combination of both Public cloud and Private Cloud. 
Eg: Google Application Suite (Gmail, Google Apps, and Google Drive), Office  365 (MS Office on the Web and One Drive), Amazon Web Services.


4.What is EC2?
==>

Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) is a part of Amazon.com's cloud-computing platform, Amazon Web Services (AWS), that allows users to rent virtual computers on which 
to run their own computer applications.Using Amazon EC2 eliminates your need to invest in hardware up front, so you can develop and deploy applications faster. 
You can use Amazon EC2 to launch as many or as few virtual servers as you need, configure security and networking, and manage storage. 
Amazon EC2 enables you to scale up or down to handle changes in requirements or spikes in popularity, reducing your need to forecast traffic.